island of Okinawa has many different
beaches and when I say many I mean many
different beaches in this documentary
we'll review a couple of them first
Beach we'll take a look at is Nam in
away Beach it's conveniently located
close to the asahi boshy station and is
the only Beach within the city limits of
Naha it is accessible 24 hours a day and
is a great place to spend an evening
with your friends or a romantic date
apart from that though there are not a
lot of nice things that come to mind
when I think of this Beach but who knows
you may actually like it I mean if
you're into things like homeless cats or
homeless humans would wake a street-art
on a serious note in this full panoramic
view we can see that the biggest
drawback of the beach is the presence of
cement wave breakers which completely
block the view the size of the swimming
area is also very small especially when
the tide is out the only good thing
about this Beach is that it's a great
place to hang out at at night security
guards tend to turn a blind eye on the
swimmers but will not tolerate fireworks
the senders of decent quality but gets a
little bit rough around the edges of the
beach where you can find fragments of
coral reefs in my personal opinion apart
from attracting some of the most
interesting and whacky individuals in
Naha and being a cool place to hang out
at at night this Beach does not have
much to offer I give this Beach a rating
of 3 stars and now what we want from my
least favorite Beach to my most favorite
one this is a wild Beach located on the
northern most point of Okinawa right
next to the famous Hado cap what's nice
about this Beach is that you get three
wild beaches for the price of one the
only way of accessing the other bridges
seems to be by water you can walk over
to them because the water is only
knee-deep this provides an even greater
privacy if you don't wish to be seen by
other campers the driving distance from
Naha is about three hours but the trip
is going to be worth every minute of
your time this is because close to half
the route is going to be hugging the
shoreline in my opinion it's one of the
most scenic routes on the main island of
Okinawa the beach itself is also very
scenic first a word of caution about
wild beaches
you should never swim in unknown waters
without first consulting the locals
about the presence of strong currents
and other potential hazards without
proper knowledge you risk getting sucked
out to sea or getting smashed against
the rocks
this place is ideal for beach camping it
is large enough to comfortably support a
large amount of campers and you can
easily gather firewood brought in by the
tides in winter seasons will pass
through this area this is also a great
place for diving and snorkeling since
the waters around here cap are full of
coral reefs
[Music]
send quality is very poor
it's very stony grainy there are lots of
coral reefs and shoes are a must
[Music]
Hado caps only drawback is the sand so I
give this Beach four stars now we're
going to travel from the most northern
point to one of the most southern
beaches of the island called the me
better if you're driving from Naha you
can reach this beach within 40 minutes
but the road is pretty boring
the me by the beach can be a great place
to hang out with family and friends
there's lots of tables and chairs and a
small mountain behind the beach creates
plenty of natural shade you can also
resupply at the friendly restaurant
which is right in front of the beach
the place is rarely overcrowded since
it's in the southern part of Okinawa
which is away from over touristy places
like Naha chattin and Okinawa City all
in all it's a pretty decent Beach but
because of its poor sound quality and
presence of garbage combined with a
boring Drive I give this Beach
three-and-a-half stars our our next and
final Beach is called the Kay Beach and
is located on the island by the same
name it's two and a half hours away from
Naha and is accessible via a series of
long bridges which pass through some
truly breathtaking landscapes the island
is so remote that if you choose to
venture outside of the beach you will
not find a single restaurant in town
there are also no corner stores like
Lawson on the beach you can run things
like propane BBQ large overhead tent and
even a room like the one seen in this
shop
[Music]
the water is pristine and the beach is
surrounded by small gorgeous islands
with thick vegetation the only downside
to the beach is that everything closes
at 5:00 so make sure to swim and shower
before closing time
[Music]
the beach is extremely clean and this is
the best quality sand I've seen in
Okinawa honestly it's one of those
beaches that you simply don't want to
miss I give it four and a half stars if
you enjoyed this video please rate and
leave your comments below
[Music]
you
Oh